Isn’t this Wan Jiaqi, the soft-hearted person? It’s you again
What else do I want to ask you?
Today is Wan Jiaqi
A great conference
The business community gathers in the northern part of Taishan
It’s hard to be a weak person
Is this where you can buy?
Isn't it?
Say who?
I'm talking about you
I can listen to what you say about beef tendon
I heard that you photographed a woman who is a prodigy in the industry.
Still a baby girl
There's no such thing
You mean mutton tendons?
It seems like this is really happening
Unexpectedly, Wan Jiaqi
You have hands and feet
Still dominate women
What a shame for us men
I thought you really showed up
It turns out they are all ladies
Because last year I wanted to tune, tune, tune,
You don't even know where you've gone since then
Last time I told you to let go of the dog but not let it go
So self-conscious
You take it as a wonderful thing for so many people, so I have to write urgently.
Not very good
A man who is really capable, last time he cut a knife
Throw it away and cut it
It was all because of you last time
We will drive you in the morning
I still have self-respect
Can you two survive?